Add Lynx (#56)
styfle/awesome-desktop-js: README.md

[webview rust bindings](https://github.com/Boscop/web-view). Currently supports Linux & Windows.
* [Kraken](https://openkraken.com/en-US) - a web rendering engine, built on Flutter.
* [Socket Runtime](https://sockets.sh) - a runtime using the system's native webview for creating native cross-platform software on mobile and desktop. It also exposes primitives needed for building peer-to-peer and local-first applications, such as Bluetooth, UDP and File I/O.

> * [Lynx](https://lynxjs.org - an alternative to React Native that powers TikTok (Windows, macOS, Linux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Lynx](https://lynxjs.org - an alternative to React Native that powers TikTok (Android, iOS, macOS)
```

Doesn't support windows or linux https://lynxjs.org/blog/lynx-open-source-roadmap-2025.html#multiple-platforms

[webview rust bindings](https://github.com/Boscop/web-view). Currently supports Linux & Windows.
* [Kraken](https://openkraken.com/en-US) - a web rendering engine, built on Flutter.
* [Socket Runtime](https://sockets.sh) - a runtime using the system's native webview for creating native cross-platform software on mobile and desktop. It also exposes primitives needed for building peer-to-peer and local-first applications, such as Bluetooth, UDP and File I/O.
* [Lynx](https://lynxjs.org - an alternative to React Native that powers TikTok (Windows, macOS, Linux)

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * [Lynxjs](https://lynxjs.org/) - Empower the web community and invite more to build across platforms. (Windows, macOS, Linux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Lynx](https://lynxjs.org - an alternative to React Native that powers TikTok (Windows, macOS, Linux)
```
